ARTICLE = """ This video was made possible by Skillshare. Churchill was a man with many talents. He was an artist, a butterfly enthusiast, and he had an unpublished 
    manuscript about aliens. Clearly he was a man with an insatiable thirst for knowledge. Maybe he could have loaded up his computer and logged on to Skillshare, an online 
    learning community with more than 19,000 classes in design, business, technology, and more. Perhaps he was considering a side career in fashion, but didn't know where to start. 
    On Skillshare, he would find courses in fashion design and garment construction. Or if he wanted to learn app design, improve his photography, or just how to make a 
    really good quesadilla, he would have found courses for all of these and more on Skillshare. Skillshare gives you access to high quality classes taught by genuine experts 
    working in their field. I work heavily with animation, and I was genuinely blown away by the number of really useful courses available to me. Like this class full of tips and 
    tricks for creating vector art, or this one for creating character walk cycles. For an annual subscription, Skillshare is under $10 a month. And if you'd like to try it out first, 
    then I've got a deal just for over simplified viewers. The first 1000 people to use this link, which can be found in the description, will get their first 2 months of Skillshare 
    for just 99 cents. Be sure to try it out using the link in the description, and learn something new today. Now, without further ado. It's 1902. A young man by the name of Benito 
    Mussolini moves from Italy to Switzerland to avoid military service. He gets big into socialism, working for trade unions, writing for socialist newspapers, advocating a violent 
    overthrow of European monarchies, the whole shebang. This gets him in a bit of trouble with the Swiss police. So he gets arrested, sent back to Italy, set free, returns to 
    Switzerland, is arrested again, goes back to Italy again, completes his military service after previously avoiding it, and then after a brief stint as an elementary school teacher, 
    he finally returns to work as an avid socialist. His speeches and journalistic abilities made him famous among Italian socialists. He was anti-war, so in Italy colonized Libya in 
    1910, he rioted, and got arrested. Then World War I came along, and once again he protested Italy's involvement. But then he thought, wait a minute, this war could bring about the 
    social climate needed to overthrow European monarchies, and bring about the socialist revolution everywhere. And suddenly he was pro-war. But his fellow socialists didn't like his 
    new pro-war stance, so they kicked him out of the party. So then he said, you know what? I'm done with socialism. We need something new, not based on class divisions tearing 
    us apart, but based on unity through nationality. We'll conquer the Mediterranean, and reunite all Italian peoples just like the days of the Roman Empire. I'll call it fascismo, and it 
    will guide the Italian nation to greatness. That's all well and good, Mr. Mussolini, but what kind of haircut am I giving you? Let's go with... Bold. Italy had been on the winner's 
    side in World War I, and they hoped they were going to get a lot out of it, but in the end they only got a little, and they felt cheated. On top of that, a bad economy and weak 
    governments meant that the Italian people were a little unhappy. So when Mussolini came along and said that he could fix everything, his fascist movement gained a lot of support.
    """